-----
Post Title: The PETG adhesive test [video] | Hacker News
-----
Comments: 
[1] zdw: The PETG adhesive test [video]
[1.1] ddtaylor: Interesting Auto-Dub feature.
[1.1.1] antirez: Indeed. YouTube is rolling this out to more and more folks, and it gets really interesting as you can kinda produce videos in your language but still have an international audience. The quality is not outstanding as the voice is a bit robotic, but still... In my channel even if I don't yet have the feature enabled, just because of subtitles auto-translation, I'm seeing more and more foreign subscribers.
[1.1.2] idiotsecant: Seriously. We get so jaded by problems and over-hype of what we collectively call 'AI' but this is something that would have seemed like impossible futuretech 10 years ago.
[1.1.3] GuB-42: Yes, that's cool, however, I would like not to be forced auto-translations from languages I understand.<p>I am French and this is my primary language, but I understand English and Google knows that (it is in my account preferences). So why do I get videos auto-translated from English into French, with a significant loss in quality. It is particularly bad for titles, the translations are terrible and I can't get YouTube to show me the untranslated title. I probably could set YouTube to use English instead of French, but then, I would have French videos translated into English, which is even worse.
[1.1.3.1] TonyTrapp: It's absolutely infuriating. It could be such an awesome accessibility feature if it wasn't force-enabled by default. But what we get instead is YouTube engineers assuming that everyone just speaks a single language and <i>needs</i> auto-translations on every video. For every channel where this feature is enabled, I have to keep switching back to the original English audio track on every single video because YouTube knows that just because my primary browser language is set to German (the secondary language being English, btw), I am incapable of understanding the original audio track, of course.
[1.1.4] new_user_final: There are so many realistic text to voice project shared on HN. Why YouTube is using robotic voice, and it sounds irritating and I can't listen to it more than a minute.
[1.1.4.1] anamexis: I don't know, I would prefer such things to be slightly robotic over them being in the uncanny valley.
[1.1.4.2] svachalek: It's been years since Google demoed their shocking AI voice calls, and still this seems to be the state of things. It's hard to separate the words from the robotic voice here but the state of Google Translate has also been really sad the last few times I've tried it, given the fantastic translation that most LLMs can provide these days.
[1.2] aeonik: I'm very surprised to see the Polyurethane construction adhesive perform so well.<p>I noticed it blobbed over both ends. I wonder if the entire blob was helping redirect the load from tension into compression onto the ends. And/or it did a better job resisting the bending moment induced by his asymmetric setup.<p>I'm also not convinced that the other adhesives compromised the PETG. PETG, while not as resistant as Polypropylene, High density Polyethylenes, or Fluorinated plastics, it's still pretty darned resistant.<p>At the temperature he was testing at I would expect PETG to survive most acids, bases, and other solvents for days.<p>Maybe some of the glues were too rigid and robbed the PETG of its strength by preventing flexing?<p>MMA being at the top makes sense as it's a true chemical weld at that point.
[1.3] debeloo: Missed PVA. That works fine for PLA and is dirt cheap.
[1.3.1] tau255: I think Ponal Holzleim Super 3 he tested is PVA based wood glue. MSDS states it based on
polyvinyl acetate dispersion.
-----